This is kind of a long response, so bear with me:

Craig's PCT Planner for planning resupplies:
    - https://www.pctplanner.com/

Yogi's PCT Handbook:
    - She visited Walker Pass during my hike, hikers determined that she's got a weird, stuck-up attitude, so the general wish was to encourage future hikers to boycott her book.
    You can find equivalent resources everywhere.

Equipment:
    - I thumbed through countless websites and books to settle on my gear choices. I initially thought I could get away using some gear I already had; this is a notion you should abandon early on. 

**My favorite resource on the trail:
    -Guthook's PCT Guide (Phone App) - $50
    -You'll need a smart phone for it. It was the easiest way to keep track of where I was, and the best way to find camp sites and water sources along the trail. People leave comments about them, and they were incredibly helpful.
    -An alternative is the Halfmile's PCT app, but it wasn't an interactive map like Guthook, and I don't remember there being feedback in it. This one is free. Guthook and Halfmile don't always match up on campsites and water sources, so together, they provide the greatest assortment of resources on the trail.

I was originally going to keep my smartphone as a backup and use my handheld GPS and point-and-shoot as my primary navigation and camera. I sent my GPS home in Idyllwild after it died on the first day, and I sent my camera back in Northern Kennedy Meadows with my bear canister. My personal recommendation is using a phone for camera and navigation, and having a backup charger for it. I didn't have a charger for most of the trail, so you can make it without one if you needed to (though it was nice to know I had more capacity if I needed it.)

You'll see folks with solar powered chargers; they might have different opinions, but they quickly disappeared the further north you got. 

I used a Sawyer Squeeze; the Sawyer mini takes what too fucking long and you only save an ounce or so in weight. Used Aquamira as backup.

I had a silver umbrella that you will see many people carry on the trail. This was my second favorite thing on the trail, but three supports broke within the first couple hundred miles, rendering it useless. I ceased to carry one after that but wished I had one many times, purely for the sun protection. (I could rig it up so I could use it hands free on my backpack.)

Personal notes: You SHOULD work out and prepare physically beforehand. This will bring attention to any sort of susceptibility to injuries early on as well as prepare your ligaments and muscles for the workload. I went to the Bangor gym and just did a stair stepper with Barret's weight vest. This brought to light some lingering injuries I was able to handle before starting.

For me, the first and last days were the worst. I hiked in about 2 miles the day before my start date to make 18 miles the next day easier. It was fucking hot, I almost passed out form dehydration, and my body still wasn't ready for that many miles carrying that much weight in that kind of heat.

The last day was bad because it rained all fucking day, it was ridiculously cold, and I was on the verge of hypothermia when I managed to get into my dry sleeping bag. It snowed the day after I finished. 

This was great for watching the snowpack leading up to hiking:

(This past winter was out of control!)
https://cdec.water.ca.gov/cdecapp/snowapp/swcchart.action

Iceaxe opinion: I hated carrying that stupid thing through the Sierra; If you look at the above website, the level of snowpack during my PCT season did not require an iceaxe. This year hikers should definitely take it.

I never needed it until I hit the most unlikely place: Sonora Pass. The snow was so thawed and thick here and the hills so steep that a few people had to tap out due to injuries. Make your own assessment, but maybe an iceaxe would not have actually helped.

If you do it in 2018, a guy named Coppertone will be traveling with hikers in his camper. (He says he does it every other year, tentative on other plans.)

Hat Creek Rim in northern California was the hottest part of the whole thing, and this is the last significant dry spell. 
